---
layout: post
title:  "Day 0"
date:   2016-08-31 21:44:20 -0500
categories: 30days running
---
The 80/20 rule is BS. True success comes from the full 100 or not at all. I’ve been living at 80 my whole life. I’m doing well, but my full potential is waiting for me.

The extra 20 is going to take 80% the effort to achieve. That’s okay. That’s just how this works.

The world is full of 20 percenters. That’s really what they are. They only put in 20% effort but expect 100% of the results. 

Plan. Plan. Then plan some more. 

Every obstacle can be planned for. This isn’t new. I’m not the first. The successful people have left me a map. But I have only been reading 80% of the map. I ignore the troublesome 20%. I tell myself I’m doing well. Saving my energy. Only doing 80% is good enough. 

Not true. 80% is not good enough. 

They don’t hand out finisher jerseys to people who complete 80% of a marathon.

This is life. It is all or nothing.

September is my Birthday month. This year I’m doing something special that I have not done before. I’m going to time travel and give a birthday gift to my future 40 year old self.

Yep. Time travel.

I’m going to give my 40 year old self a happier, healthier life. For the entire month of September I’m going to run 5 kilometers every single day. 

Every. Single. Day. 
I’m going to run 5 kilometers.

The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The best time to plant healthy habits is also 20 years ago. My 40 year old self is going to swing in a hammock drinking a mai tai and reading a good book under the tree I’m planting today.

This all lines up with an even more special achievement on October 9th. This is a long shot, but if my 30 days of running go smooth then I will run my first marathon.
